This weather's great!
If we hold course,
we should see the naval base soon!
You're pretty incredible, Koby!
We're really gonna get there?
Of course!
{These are the bare minimum
skills all sailors need!}Sailors should at least
be able to navigate the seas!
This is no time
to be laughing, Luffy-san.
He's being held prisoner there.
The infamous Pirate Hunter...
Roronoa Zoro!
{The man who's chopped up bounties
like a bloodthirsty beast...}The man slashes up his marks
like a bloodthirsty beast...
People say he's
a demon in human form!
Editing
Galaxy 9000
Wealth, fame, power...
Timing
PhosCity
Gold Roger, the king of the pirates,
Quality Control
Feeso
Gaijin
Galaxy 9000
Pepperjack
Zenef
obtained everything
the world had to offer.
His final words lured all sorts of adventurers to the sea.
Soundtracking
Halee
Graphics
Datenshi
My treasure?
It's yours, if you can find it.
Karaoke
KaitouYahiko
Translation
DemonRin
FUNimation
Everything is right where I left it!
Now pirates head for the Grand Line
in pursuit of their dreams!
The world has entered...
the Great Pirate Era!
We'
A
あ
re go
ri
り
ing
tta
った
to
ke
け
ga
no
の
th
yu
夢
ゆ
め
er
me
を
up
wo
all
か
A
あ
our
ka
き
dr
ki
集
あ
つ
ri
り
ea
a
め
ms
tsu
tta
った
me
ke
け
no
の
yu
夢
ゆ
me
め
wo
を
ka
か
ki
き
a
集
あ
tsu
つ
me
め
We'
re go
ing
to
ga
th
er
up
all
our
dr
and
Sa
捜
さ
が
ea
set
ga
し
ms
out
shi
物
も
の
in
mo
を
se
no
捜
さ
が
ar
wo
し
ch
sa
に
of
ga
行
ゆ
so
shi
く
me
ni
の
Sa
捜
さ
th
yu
さ
ing
ku
to
no
fi
sa
nd
ga
が
shi
し
mo
物
も
no
の
wo
を
sa
捜
さ
ga
が
shi
し
ni
に
yu
行
ゆ
ku
く
no
の
sa
さ
and
set
out
in
se
ar
ch
of
so
me
th
ing
to
ONE
fi
PIECE
nd
ONE
PIECE
Co
Ra
羅
ら
mp
shin
針
しん
as
ba
盤
ば
ん
ses
n
なん
on
nan
て
ly
te
ca
渋
じゅう
use
jyuu
滞
たい
del
tai
の
ays
no
も
Ra
羅
ら
mo
と
to
shin
針
しん
ba
盤
ば
n
ん
nan
なん
te
て
jyuu
渋
じゅう
tai
滞
たい
no
の
mo
も
Co
mp
to
と
as
ses
on
ly
ca
use
del
ays
De
Ne
熱
ね
つ
li
tsu
に
ri
ni
う
ous
u
か
wi
ka
さ
th
sa
れ
fe
re
ve
舵
か
r,
ka
じ
I
Ne
ji
熱
を
ね
ta
wo
と
ke
to
る
the
ru
の
he
no
さ
tsu
つ
lm
sa
ni
に
u
う
ka
か
sa
さ
re
れ
ka
舵
か
ji
じ
wo
を
to
と
ru
る
no
の
De
sa
さ
li
ri
ous
wi
th
fe
ve
r,
I
ta
ke
the
he
lm
If
HO
ホ
the
KO
コ
du
RI
リ
sty
ka
か
tr
bu
ぶ
ea
tte
って
su
ta
た
re
map
ta
宝
た
か
ら
HO
ホ
has
ka
の
be
ra
地
ち
en
no
図
ず
ve
chi
も
ri
zu
KO
コ
fi
mo
ed,
RI
リ
ka
か
bu
ぶ
tte
って
ta
た
宝
ka
か
ra
ら
no
の
chi
地
ち
zu
図
ず
mo
も
If
the
du
sty
tr
ea
su
re
map
has
th
Ta
確
た
し
be
en
shi
か
en
it's
ka
め
ve
not
me
た
ri
a
ta
の
fi
le
no
な
ed,
ge
na
ら
nd!
ra
伝
でん
den
説
せ
つ
se
じゃ
tsu
な
ja
い!
Ta
確
た
na
i!
shi
し
ka
か
me
め
ta
た
no
の
na
な
ra
ら
den
伝
でん
se
説
せ
tsu
つ
ja
じゃ
na
な
i!
い!
th
en
it's
not
a
le
ge
nd!
Wh
Ko
個
こ
en
ji
人
じ
ん
it
n
的
て
き
co
te
な
mes
ki
嵐
あ
ら
し
to
na
は
pe
a
誰
だ
れ
rs
ra
か
on
shi
の
al
wa
Ko
個
こ
st
da
or
re
ms,
ka
no
ji
人
じ
n
ん
te
的
て
ki
き
na
な
a
嵐
あ
ra
ら
shi
し
wa
は
da
誰
だ
re
れ
ka
か
Wh
en
it
co
no
の
mes
to
pe
rs
on
al
st
or
ms,
si
BA
バ
mp
I
イ
ly
O
オ
ri
RI
リ
de
ZU
ズ
ab
MU
ム
oa
no
乗
の
rd
kka
っか
so
t
っ
BA
バ
me
te
て
one
el
se
's
bi
or
hy
I
イ
thm
O
オ
RI
リ
ZU
ズ
MU
ム
no
乗
の
kka
っか
t
っ
te
て
si
mp
ly
ri
de
ab
oa
rd
so
me
one
el
se
's
bi
and
O
思
お
も
or
pr
mo
い
hy
et
i
す
thm
end
su
ご
it
go
せ
is
se
ば
n't
ba
いい!
th
ii!
er
O
思
お
e!
mo
も
i
い
su
す
go
ご
se
せ
ba
ば
ii!
いい!
and
pr
et
end
it
is
n't
th
er
e!
We
A
あ
're
ri
り
go
tta
った
ing
ke
け
to
no
の
ga
yu
夢
ゆ
め
th
me
を
er
wo
up
か
A
あ
all
ka
き
our
ki
集
あ
つ
ri
り
dr
a
め
ea
tta
tsu
った
ms
me
ke
け
no
の
yu
夢
ゆ
me
め
wo
を
ka
か
ki
き
a
集
あ
tsu
つ
me
め
We
're
go
ing
to
ga
th
er
up
all
our
dr
and
Sa
捜
さ
が
ea
set
ga
し
ms
out
shi
物
も
の
in
mo
を
se
no
捜
さ
が
ar
wo
し
ch
sa
に
of
ga
行
ゆ
so
shi
く
Sa
捜
さ
me
ni
の
th
yu
さ
ing
ku
to
no
ga
が
fi
sa
nd
shi
し
mo
物
も
no
の
wo
を
sa
捜
さ
ga
が
shi
し
ni
に
yu
行
ゆ
ku
く
no
の
sa
さ
and
set
out
in
se
ar
ch
of
so
me
th
ing
to
fi
nd
A
PO
ポ
co
KE
ケ
in
TTO
ット
in
no
の
my
KO
コ
po
IN
イン
ck
et,
PO
ポ
KE
ケ
TTO
ット
no
の
KO
コ
IN
イン
A
and
So
そ
co
do
re
れ
in
you
to
と
in
wa
You
my
nna
wan
po
be
na
ck
my
be
et,
fr
my
ie
Friend?
nd?
So
そ
re
れ
to
と
You
wan
na
be
my
Friend?
and
do
you
wa
nna
be
my
fr
ie
nd?
We
are,
are
on
the
cruise!
We
are,
are
on
the
cruise!
We
are!
We made it! The naval town!
The Pirate King and
the Master Swordsman
H-Hey, Luffy-san !
{You're crazy to
want him to join you!}You're not serious about him
joining your crew, are you?
{I still haven't decided yet.
I just wanna see if he's a good guy...}I haven't decided yet, but if he's a good guy then–
{He's been caught
because he's a bad guy!}He was caught because he's not a good guy!
Mm! Yum!
{Do you know
if Zoro's at the base?}Can you tell me if
Zoro's at that base?
{It would seem the name
"Zoro" is taboo around here.}I think the name "Zoro"
is taboo around here.
Let's see the base anyway.
You wanna become a marine, right?
Y-Yes... But I'm not really ready yet...
Rumor has it...
a guy named Captain Morgan
is at this base, and...
What a funny town!
No, it's weird.
Zoro's name I get, but why are they
afraid of a Navy captain's name?
I suddenly have a bad feeling about this...
{You sure they didn't
jump just for fun?}You sure they weren't
just really excited?
That clearly wasn't it!
All right! We're here!
I finally made it!
I guess this is where
we part ways, Luffy-san.
{It was only
for a short time, but–}We didn't know each other long, but–
There we go!
Luffy-san !
What in the world are you doing?!
Now, where's this demon?!
He wouldn't be out in the open.
I'm sure he's
in a prison cell or something.
Found him!
Perfect!
See! There he is!
I'm telling you!
He wouldn't be out–
A b-black bandanna
and a h-haramaki...
That's R-Roronoa Zoro!
{He can get away easy
if we untie those ropes!}If we untie those ropes,
he'll get away easily!
D-Don't be stupid!
{There's no telling what'll
happen if we let him loose!}If he got loose,
what do you think he'd do?!
I bet he'd try and
kill you, Luffy-san !
Don't worry! I'm tough!
Is this guy for real?!
Hey, you two.
You're an eyesore.
Beat it!
Luffy-san ! {There's no way you
could survive with him on your crew!}You're a goner
if he joins your crew!
Oh, no! Luffy-san, you have to stop her!
She'll be killed!
What?
You must be hungry!
I made you some onigiri.
You got a death wish, runt?
Go home!
Mister, you haven't eaten anything
this whole time.
Here! It's my
first time making them,
but I worked real hard!
I'm not hungry!
{You're an eyesore!
Get the hell outta here!}Now, stop bugging me and leave!
B-But...
I don't want 'em!
Don't make me kick you!
Picking on little girls?!
Helmeppo
Captain Morgan's Son
You seem surprisingly well, Roronoa Zoro.{Phos: The line touched the infobox so I used the q2 tag to make it a one liner. So during proofreading or tlqc, don't make the line too long as it will go over the screen.}
What's with that
weird guy down there?
Thank goodness!
He must be with the Navy!
Now that girl will be safe!
Oh? Well aren't those some tasty-looking onigiri ?
Don't...!
It's too sweet!
You made them all sugary!
{You're supposed to use
salt for rice balls!}Onigiri are best with salt! Salt !
{But I thought they might
taste better sweet...}But... I thought sweet
might taste better...
– Take this! And this!
– Stop it! Stop it!
H-How can he be so cruel?
I-I worked so hard
to m-make those...
Didn't you get the memo?
"Those caught aiding
criminals will be executed!
–Captain Morgan of the Navy"
{Looks like even little brats
know how scary my dad is!}So, even the brats here know how scary Daddy can be.
"Daddy"?
Then that's Captain Morgan's son!
You. Throw the kid over the wall.
Sir?!
I said, throw her over the wall!
{Or can you not follow my orders?!
Don't make me tell my dad!}This is a direct order!
Don't make me tell Daddy!
Y-Yes, sir... Right away!
No!
T-Thanks...
Are you okay, Luffy-san ?!
Are you all right?!
{I can't believe how
horrible that guy is!}What a horrible guy...
Does anything hurt?
Damn you.
You sure are stubborn
about staying alive.
Yeah! I'm gonna survive
the whole month!
Well, good luck with that.
Only ten more days!
Assuming you live that long!
What drives someone
to be so cruel, Luffy-san ?!
He's gone?!
I hear you're a bad guy.
Are you still here?
{Being stuck out here
for all to see...}Getting put out here
for all to see...
You're supposed to be strong, right?
What's it to you?!
If it were me, I'd probably starve
to death in three days!
Then you lack my spirit.
I will live through this...
I swear it!
You're a pretty weird guy!
Wait!
Could you... get that for me?
You're gonna eat this?
It's more of a mud ball now.
Just shut up and give it here!
Told you so.
It was good.
Thanks for the food.
Really?!
Yeah! He ate every last bite!
I'm so glad!
{Is Zoro really as evil as
the rumors say?}But then is Zoro really
as bad as they say?
He's not!
{After all, he let himself
get crucified in our place...}After all, he let himself
get crucified in my place...
Huh? What do you mean?
It's all that Helmeppo's fault.
He's Captain Morgan's son...
Outta the way!
Make way for my adorable pet-sama!
Get in the way,
and you get executed!
No! Stop that!
Hey, you!
{You gonna complain about
what my pet-sama's doin'?!}You got some kinda problem with
what my pet-sama's doing?
Rika! Stop that!
{We'll get in trouble
if we go against him!}We'll get in trouble!
– Oh, crap!
– He's in trouble now!
Helmeppo punches and kicks
him while he's tied up!
I... I...
So that's what's happening.
I'm hungry!
Let's get a free meal!
Hey! Bring me a drink!
Oh, yes.
To alleviate my boredom,
I'll have Zoro executed tomorrow.
Save the date, everyone!
W-What the hell're you doing?!
Luffy-san ! Please stop!
This guy's scum!
Y-You hit me!
I'm Captain Morgan's son, you know!
So what?!
{I'm gonna tell my dad
and he's gonna execute you!}When I tell Daddy,
he'll execute you!
Fight your own battles!
Luffy-san ! Calm down!
{Are you trying to get
on the Navy's bad side?!}Do you want the Navy
as your enemy?!
I've made up my mind, Koby!
I'm... {going to have
Zoro join my crew!}gonna get Zoro
to join my crew!
I am...
great!
Yes! You're exactly right, Captain Morgan, sir!
{But hasn't tribute to me
been a bit lacking lately?}Then why are the recent tributes
to me a bit lacking?
W-Well, the citizens' wallets
do have their limits...
{The issue is the level
of respect for me.}It's a matter of respect.
Wouldn't you agree?
Daddy!
{There's someone I want
you to slaughter!}I want you to kill
someone for me!
You again? {You sure
have lots of free time.}You've got
nothing but free time.
I'll untie you if you'll join my crew.
Say what?!
I'm looking for people
to join my pirate crew.
{Forget it! Me, stooping
to a criminal's level?!}Forget it! I'm not desperate enough
to become an outlaw!
Screw that!
What's wrong with being a pirate?!
Pirates are despicable!
Who'd wanna be one?!
Oh, gimme a break!
You're already known
as a demonic bounty hunter!
People can say whatever they want,
but I've never done anything I regret.
{I will live through this
and accomplish what I want!}I will live through this;
I have something I wanna do!
Yeah?
But I've decided you're gonna join my crew!
Like it's up to you!
So you're a swordsman?{DemonRin, we wanted to keep the plurality of Zoro's sword usage ambiguous for when his weapons are revealed.}
Yeah. But that idiot
son took my stuff...
I'll get your treasure back!{The word "treasure" gets lost in our cut, but Luffy refers to the sword as "treasures" in the next episode anyway. This translation can be found in the VIZ manga. To set a precedence for Luffy and Zoro to use this term for his swords, we are going to shoehorn it into this line.}
What?!
{So if you want your sword,
join my crew!}If you want your sword back,
you'll have to join my crew!
Don't screw with me!
{Is he planning to bust
into the base by himself?!}He's... going in all by himself?!
All right! Keep it steady!
Stand it up in one shot!
{Dad! Why aren't you
going to get revenge?!}Daddy! Aren't you going
to get my revenge?!
That guy hit me!
{Not even you've ever
hit me in the face!}Even you've never hit me in the face!
{Do you know why
I've never hit you before?}Do you know why I've never
hit you before? Do you?
S-Sure... Is it because I'm–
Yes. Because you're...
"Axe-Hand" Morgan
Navy Captain
my hopeless son who isn't even worth hitting!
Let's get one thing straight!
{Your dad is
the one who's great! Me!}The only great one around here is me ! I'm great!
{Which reminds me, I hear a rat
snuck into the crucifixion yard.}By the way, I learned a rat
snuck onto the crucifixion grounds.
{I-i-if you mean that pipsqueak,
I made sure she was dealt with-}I-I-I mean, there was that one runt, but I saw to her punishme–
You killed her, I hope?!
N-No! I mean,
she was just a little kid...
You, there!
Go to town and execute her!
{Y-you can't be serious!
She's just a little girl!}Y-You can't mean that, sir!
She's just a little girl!
I can't in good conscience...
Anyone who disobeys my orders
is a traitor, even little brats.
B-But... I can't do it!
Lieutenant!
Y-You didn't have to go that far!
{It was with my strength
that I rose to my rank of captain!}I rose to the rank of captain with
nothing but my own strength.
Listen! In this world,
rank is everything!
{That means that I, the captain and
highest ranking officer at this base,}Captain is the top rank
on this base,
which makes me superior to everyone here!
In other words,
everything I do is right!
Right, you maggots?!
Yes, sir! You're absolutely right!{Zenef: I prefer the original line, but saying "Yes, sir! You're right!" matches up better as a response to "Right, you maggots?!"}
We can execute the brat later.
{Observe! This is the symbol
of my authority,}For now, observe!
It took years of construction,
but the symbol of my authority
is finally complete!
Now, stand it up!
Display my greatness
at the apex of this base!
That's weird. There's no one here...
{I gotta find that stupid son
and get Zoro's sword back.}If I find the idiot son,
he'll lead me to Zoro's sword.
Pull! Pull!
You, there!
You bumped it, didn't you?!
I heard something up there...
I-I'm sorry, sir! I was careless!
{I told you to think of
this statue as me!}I told you this statue embodies me!
The slightest scratch or speck
of dirt is treachery against me!
I'll check it out!
Rubber Rubber...
Rocket!
Now you pay!
I jumped too far!
– What is that?!
– It flew up from below!
Got it!
Sorry...
Seize him! I'm going to kill him!
Right away, sir!
{Dad! That's him!
He's the guy who hit me!}Daddy! That's him! He punched me!
Oh! It's you!
I've been looking for you!
{Come with me! There's something
I want you to give back!}Come with me!
I need you to return something!
– Let me go!
– Helmeppo-sama !
After him! Don't let him escape!
Captain! Someone's on the crucifixion grounds!
What?!
Is there no end to the treachery?!
You need to escape, Zoro-san !
You'll be killed
for doing that, you know!
{I can't stand to watch
the Navy like this anymore.}I can't stand by and
watch marines act like this!
I want to be an honorable marine!
{Stop! I can't escape!
I only got 10 days until-}Stop! I'm not running! In just 10 more days–
Your execution is tomorrow!
What?!
Helmeppo never intended
to honor your agreement!
So Luffy-san got angry and clocked him!
He did?
And now the Navy's
after Luffy-san.
I won't ask you to be a pirate,
but please, help Luffy-san !
He's the only
one who can save you.
And I think, right now, you're the
only one who can save him.
End of the line!
Where's Zoro's sword?!
I-I'll tell you! I'll tell you!
Just stop dragging me!
All right! Tell me!
In my room... We just passed it...
What? Why didn't you say so?!
Now we gotta go back.
– Halt!
– Release Helmeppo-sama !
No.
Shoot if you want!
No! Don't!
Move it!
For the crime of
treason against me...
{I'll now execute you two
where you stand!}I sentence the two of you to death!
This the room?!
Bingo!
But there're three of 'em!
Hey! Which sword is Zoro's?
Oh, he passed out.
Koby!
{This is some interesting
stuff you guys've pulled!}Your actions here have been
interesting to say the least.
{Were you two and that straw hat
kid plannin' a coup or something?!}You and the straw hat kid
weren't plotting a coup were you?
I've always fought alone.
{Unlike arrogant bastards like
you who use soldiers as cronies!}Unlike a certain bastard who
hides behind his terrified cronies!
Roronoa Zoro...
Don't you dare underestimate me!
You may be strong,
{but before my authority,
you're as good as scum!}but that's meaningless
before my authority!
Aim!
I...
can't afford to die here!
That's the match!
The winner is Kuina,
with 2,000 wins and 0 losses!
D-Damn it...
You're still weak, Zoro.
You're such a disappointment.
Especially for a boy.
Hey! Zoro isn't weak!
{He's the strongest one
out of all the guys!}He's the strongest guy here!
He can even beat grown-ups!
But he's weaker than me.
Even with two swords,
a weakling's still a weakling.
{You losers'd do good to stay quiet.
Your howling makes you pitiful.}You whine like puppies.
You losers should keep quiet.
Another defeat, Zoro.
Even after you've come so far.
Sensei!
Are you giving her secret training
'cause she's your daughter?!
Don't cheat!
No, no. Of course I'm not.
Zoro has indeed improved,
but Kuina has as well.
Zoro?
I'm gonna wash my face.
Damn it!
Why can't I beat Kuina?!
Why?! Why?!
I'm gonna be the world's
greatest swordsman! So why?!
Zoro?!
What're you doing out here?
Right back at you! What are you
doing here at this hour?!
I'm here to challenge you
to our 2,001st duel!
{I plan to make this
my last fight with you!}I intend to make this our last fight!
I'm going to end this!
Fight me with a real sword!
You have one, right?!
Against me?
Sure.
My 2,001st win.
Damn it!
This sucks...
I'm the one who
should be crying.
Huh?
When girls grow up, they're
naturally weaker than boys.
It won't be long before
even you catch up to me.
You're always saying you're going to
be the world's greatest swordsman.
{My father told me that
a girl can never be that...}But my father said that dream's impossible for me because I'm a girl.
I understand...
I understand that's how it is!
But... But it's frustrating!
You're lucky, Zoro.
You were born a boy.
I want to be the world's
greatest swordsman, too!
{My breasts have even
started to grow out now...}My breasts are
even starting to grow.
If only... If only
I had been born a man...
{Don't be whining like
that after you beat me!}How can you cry like that
after you beat me?!
It's not fair!
You're my goal!
Zoro...
Boy this! Girl that!
{Are you gonna say that stuff too
when I beat you someday?!}Is that gonna be your excuse
when I beat you someday?!
You act like none of it is skill!
You're insulting all
the hard training I've been doing!
So enough of that crap!
Promise me!
Someday, one of us will be
the world's greatest swordsman!
We'll compete and see
who gets there!
You dummy. You're so weak...
– It's a promise!
{Gotta get stronger!
So I can hold lots of swords just fine!}Gotta get stronger!
Gotta hold more swords!
If two's not enough,
then I'll use three!
What do you guys want?
Kuina...
Kuina's dead...
Apparently, she slipped and
fell down the storehouse steps.
The storehouse?
She was looking for a whetstone
to sharpen her beloved sword.
What would she need that for?
I don't know...
She was just a child too.
Who knows why anyone does anything...{DemonRin, I have no idea what this line is getting at. The next line doesn't seem to build upon this sentiment, so I can't glean the context.}
{No one knows what's
just around the corner.}No one could predict
something like this.
People are...
such fragile things, Zoro.
Sensei...
Let me have... that sword.
Kuina's sword?
{I'm going to get
stronger for her, too!}I'll get stronger for
the both of us now!
{I'm going to get strong enough
that my name reaches to Heaven!}I'll get so strong my
name reaches the heavens!
{I'm going to be
the world's strongest swordsman!}I'm gonna be
the world's greatest swordsman!
I promised her...
I...
Yes. It's yours.
I leave Kuina's spirit
and dreams... with you.
Rubber Rubber...
Rocket!
Fire!
– What are you–?!
– Luffy-san !
The straw hat...?!{Zenef: Straw Hat isn't exactly a nickname for Luffy yet. Morgan is the first to start referencing his hat, but it's not a mainstay just yet.}
That won't work!
I told you I was tough!
W-Who the hell... are you?!
I'm Monkey D. Luffy!
The man who's gonna
be king of the pirates!